then indeed we are on the sima
so sima who remember it is one of
agricultural fairs and in particular
the most important machinery in the world
with its 230 thousand visitors it's more
1000 exhibitors
obviously on this flint show has a
stand apart and really is part of
stands that are the most visited on
this 2015 edition
we landed the semto rené-claude
methods to noisy monad varies between 50
and 90 other charivari he is well
obviously many news on
this stand hundred to know the 300 vario on
but also the 700 varios task 4 and
finally the real star of the show millet
vario who is right behind us and who
really counts among the tractors the
most photographed from this show and that
you will find in my opinion we can
post on all social networks
a festive note
no here fixed
the cantonal first was bought because
that we are already in a first
happy time of detractors
so trusting the tractor did
wanted to test the katana and after having
make a season that we are more than
satisfied so that goes beyond our
expectations in terms of quality of
work reliability and services of the
the part of the network thus splits all that
did we propose that we were interested
from the beginning we get excited end you have
really advance arguments
techniques to improve reliability at
longevity and wear of the machine what
it's really a difference by
goodbye report to competing concots
today then innovative machine and
sweet soul is pretty strong with
French and reading the leak under 3
800 world with five years
indeed we gave a first
overview of this stand is also my and
tomorrow we will come back in more detail
on the new 3-cent series off low to
monks at aubazine